Confession is an acknowledgment of guilt, an admission of wrongdoing or thinking. Repent means to feel remorse and to make a choice not to repeat this action again.

     “Holy Spirit, reveal to me anything I have done or any thoughts I have dwelled on that were not pleasing to you……………. (Wait and listen to your heart)
     Please forgive me for my sins of … being prideful …believing Satan’s lies…..impure thoughts…..bad attitudes… my selfish acts… negative talking or thinking…..letting anger rule my mouth…...unbelief…..judging others.  
   Please forgive me for___________________.
   Redeem me with your precious blood. Mighty God, give me the strength and the wisdom to resist temptation and to live in complete obedience to you. Open my spiritual ears to hear your voice of conviction when I sin; and help me to repent immediately. I choose to separate myself from everything that I know is sin.  I want to grow spiritually and be more like you everyday. I love you Jesus, be the Lord of my life.
. 
Psalm 51:1-17
Psalm 51 is a prayer King David wrote after committing adultery with Bathsheba and sending her husband to the front lines of the battle so that he would be killed.  He honestly admitted his sin to God.  God does not want to hear excuses. As soon as we sin, we need to ask God for forgiveness and then believe that God hears us.  We must truly be sorry for our sin and purpose in our heart to sin no more.  

Thanksgiving is expressing gratitude for God’s blessing and a feeling of appreciation to God.

 Jehovah Jireh, my provider, thank You for all your blessings.  
 Thank You for dying on the cross to save my soul and forgiving my sins.  
 Thank You for Your unconditional love. 
 Thank You for answered prayers and for the answers that are on the way.  
 Thank You for my health. 
 Thank You for Your word that gives me wisdom and empowers me to live a victorious life.
 Thank You for Romans 8:15 that says I am adopted into the family of God. 
 Thank You for Isaiah 11:2 that says Holy Spirit will counsel me and teach me as I grow in                 
  my knowledge of Him.
 Thank You for my family, my friends and my church family. 
 Thank You for my job or financial provision.
 Thank You for my trials that are making me more like you.
 Thank You for ____________________________
Phil. 4:6, Psalm 50:23, Psalms 100, Colossians 2: 6-7  

Praise is an act of expressing admiration, an act of worship. Praise is to honor and glorify God.

     King of Glory, You alone are worthy to be praised. 
     I praise you because you are my God and my creator.
     I praise you because you are holy and righteous.
     I praise you because you are a faithful God, an Everlasting Father. 
     I praise you because you are a Mighty God, the King of Glory and Lord of Angel armies.     
     I praise you for your mercy that endures forever and makes me acceptable in your holy presence. 
     I praise you for the power in Jesus’ name and the redemption in His blood.
     I praise you now and forever.  You are a Holy God, be enthroned on my praises.”
Psalm 63:1-4, Psalm 106:1-2, Psalm 18:3, Ephesians 1:3-7,  chapters Psalm 24 & 33





Petition is a respectful or humble request. It is praying for personal needs.
Healing Prayer

“Rapha God, I lift up _____ to you today.  You created this body and there is no sickness, no infection or no disease that you cannot heal.  I humbly ask you for a gift of healing for ______.  With the precious blood of the Lamb of God, I take authority over the illness in this body. Spirit of infirmity, I bind you in the mighty name of Jesus and command you to flee. Holy Spirit, I speak complete restoration into their blood and organs.  I am declaring that this body will function as you designed it. King of Glory use this situation to show the world your sensational healing power.  Thank You for complete healing in Jesus’ name. Amen”
Isaiah 53:5, James 5:14-15, I Corinthians 12:4-11, Jeremiah 17:14, Jeremiah 30:17

Financial Blessing & Favor Prayer

“Father God, I ask you to bless me today with supernatural favor.  I yield myself to your will and purpose for my life.  I ask for a fresh spiritual in filling of the Holy Ghost right now.  I pledge to give you 10% of my gross income plus an offering. I am asking you to throw open the flood gates of heaven and pour out a financial blessing on my life. Surround me with a heavenly barrier to keep me from yielding to temptation.  Thank You, Jesus, for your blessings, your power and your protection this day. Thank You providing for me in the past and for your provision in the future.”
Malachi 3:10-11, Matthew 6:31-33, I Chronicles 4:10

Financial Declarations by Apostle Louis Dickens

Lord, let your riches greatly abound in my life.  Give me a greater understanding and wisdom in the matters of riches and wealth.  Father God, make financial miracles a daily experience for me in Jesus’ name. Holy Spirit, as I sow my financial seeds let me reap abundant riches in return.  I want to be a great giver, for givers never lack.
I banish every spirit of poverty operating in and around my life in Jesus’ name.  I take authority over every demonic stronghold of lack determined to rule my finances.  I reject insufficiency in my finances.  I shall have enough and more to spare.
Lord, reestablish your covenant of prosperity in my life and in the lives of my offspring in Jesus’ name. Jehovah Jireh let me forever find myself in the path of your heavenly designed financial blessings.

Intercession is pleading for another, mediating between God and man.

“Father God, I lift up my lost family and friends to you today.  I believe there is no one you cannot save.   Holy Spirit, remove the blinders from their eyes, open their spiritual ears to hear your voice of conviction and draw t hem as only you can.  Deliver them from the negative lies that bind them.  Almighty God, send your warring angels to stop all of Satan’s maneuvers that are hindering your will from being done in their lives. Send someone to witness to them today. I am asking you for a divine appointment with someone they will relate to.  I praise you for you are a covenant keeping God - You promised me and my household will be saved.     I believe they will fulfill the destiny that you have created them for them.  I am declaring they are saved, sanctified and full of the Holy Ghost!  I claim their complete deliverance and salvation. In Jesus’ name it is done!  
 
Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved - you and your household. 
Acts 16:31          Pray with faith that your lost loved ones will be saved.  Unbelief will hinder the power of God to be released in prayer.  
John 6:44,  II Corinthians 4:4,  John 16:8,  Luke 10:2,  II Corinthians 10:5


Listening to God  
      To hear from God you need to have a sincere heart.  You need to have the faith to believe you are His child and he wants to have an intimate relationship with you.  You need to be free from all sin through true repentance.  Read the bible and allow God to speak to you through His word.  Tune your heart to receive the spontaneous voice of the Holy Spirit within you.  Quiet your mind so you can sense God’s inner movement.  Open the eyes of your heart and ask Jesus to fill them with dreams and visions. Wait on the Holy Spirit to speak to you………….
      Use a journal and write out your dialogue with God and His words to you.
Jeremiah 33:3, Isaiah 48:16, Psalm 143:8,   Habakkuk 2:1-2

Prayer to pray before reading your bible
   Lord, I ask that you grant me spiritual insight to read Your Word and to hear what you want to say to me today. I want to know you better and I want wisdom to direct my life according to what I learn about you. I want a clear understanding of your plan for my life each day.  Lord open my eyes to the power of hope that is mine because I belong to you.  Help me to recognize the gifts that you have given me to do all the things that You have destined for me to do.  I want your power transforming me daily, as I grow closer to you and come up to a new level of intimacy with you, my Abba Father. Eph 1:17-19

Daily pray on your spiritual armor.  A Christians’ greatest strength is standing firm with the mind of Christ.
Armor Prayer
     “As Your child, Father God, I spiritually stand and pray on all of my spiritual armor today.
       I pray on the Belt of Truth.  I choose to believe the bible’s word about me, my current problems and my future destiny.
       I pray on your gift - the Breastplate of Righteousness. Thank You, Jesus for paying the penalty for my sins on the cross, so that I could be clothed with your righteousness.
       I pray on the Shoes of the Gospel of Peace. I receive your supernatural peace that calms me as I go through storms in my life. Use me today Lord, as your vessel to tell someone about the good news of your salvation.
       I raise up the Shield of Faith against any negative action that Satan has planned for my downfall. I refuse to listen to any of his negative lies.  I believe the promises in the Word of God are for me and my family.
       I pray on the Helmet of Salvation; I will think on your positive living word today. I am firmly rooted and established in my faith.
      I take up the Sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God.  Holy Spirit bring to my remembrance the scriptures that I will need for today’s battle.
     Thank you for the victory that I have today, because you were victorious at Calvary; You conquered death, hell and the grave. Thank you, Lord for Your holy armor.

 Therefore take up the full armor of God, so that you will be able resist in the evil day, and having done everything to stand firm. Stand firm therefore, having girded your loins with the Belt of Truth, and having put on the Breastplate of  Righteousness  and having shod your feet with the preparation of the Gospel of Peace; in addition to all, taking up the Shield of Faith with which you will be able to extinguish all the flaming arrows of the evil one.  In addition, take the Helmet of Salvation, and the Sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God. With all prayer and petition, pray at all times in the Spirit and with this in view, be on the alert with all perseverance and petition for all the saints. Ephesians 6:13-17 

Peace, I leave with you; my peace I give to you; not as the world gives do I give to you. Do not let your heart be troubled not let it be fearful. John 14:27






Prayer to become a child of God

I thank you that you loved me unconditional even when I was a sinner.  Heavenly Father, I confess to you that I have sinned. My sins are wicked and ungodly.  I repent of trying to run my own life without you.  Please forgive me of all my sins. Forgive me for resisting you.  Come into my life and make me a new person. Right here, right now I give you my whole heart.  I receive all that Jesus did for me on the cross and accept Him as my Lord and Savior.  I ask that you fill me up with Your Holy Spirit.  Draw me close into an intimate relationship with you. Open my spiritual ears to hear your voice so that I can follow you. Thank You, Father for saving me and forgiving my sins and making me your child right now. Amen 

Repeat this declaration aloud to yourself at least once every day until the Holy Spirit releases you.  Ask the Holy Spirit to speak to your heart. Meditate on this until you know it is established in you.  

My Declaration of Faith by Vision Life Ministries, Dallas TX

     Heavenly Father, I choose to believe what Your Word says about me rather than my carnal thoughts and feelings. My unbelief has been sin.     Lord Jesus, thank You for loving me enough to die on the cross for my sins.  There is, therefore, now no condemnation to me because I am in you.  Every sin, past - present -future, has been forgiven and cleansed by your blood.  Your love for me is perfect; therefore, I have nothing to fear.  Thank You that nothing can touch me unless it is filtered through you, and all things will work for my good and your glory. I open my heart and life to your love; flow that love through me.  You know everything about me; and yet you have accepted me just as I am in the beloved. You made me unique and special to fulfill your plan.  Thank You for my body, my abilities, my parents, which you designed as a part of your perfect plan.  Thank You for the Holy Spirit who lives within me to empower me to obey you. Thank you that I am complete in you.  You have given me all spiritual blessing in Christ.  Your strength is adequate for every task; your grace is sufficient for every trial.  I can do all things through You, Lord Jesus. Thank You that you will perfect in me your plan.  You are faithful even when I am not. You have promised never to leave me.  Even now, you are changing me bit by bit into your image.  I will not be foolish by comparing myself with others.  Father, how good it is to be your child. I belong!  That makes me your responsibility.  I give myself completely to you. Whatever is accomplished in and through my life, you will have to do it.   Thank You for the confidence that you will.  Praise, praise is to you!

Decree these words - do it aloud and with courage -Confessions for Over Comers by Dr William Sudduth

My body is a temple for the Holy Spirit, redeemed, cleansed, and sanctified by the Blood of Jesus. The devil has no place in me, no power over me, no unsettled claims against me.  I overcome Satan by the Blood of the Lamb and by the word of my testimony. Satan is a liar.  I will not listen to his words of accusations anymore.  The Word of God is renewing my mind.  I bring every thought captive to the obedience of Christ. No longer will Satan oppress me.  I submit to God; I resist the devil and he must flee from me NOW!
I am not just an ordinary woman; I am a daughter of the living God.  I am an heir of God and a joint heir with Jesus Christ. I am part of a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation; I am one of God’s children.  I am a believer, not a doubter.  I have faith towards God. My faith is not in myself or in the realm of my feelings, but in a living God who will never fail me nor forsake me.   I give no place to fear in my life. I sought the Lord and he heard me and delivered me from all my fears.  Jesus took away my sickness and carried all my diseases on the cross of Calvary. By his strips, I am healed.  The same spirit that raised Christ from the dead is at work in my body, giving me life. I can do everything God says I can do. I will speak with my mouth what God says about me.  I am healthy. I am righteous. I am at peace. I am wise, I am prosperous, and I am successful.  I am a conqueror. I am a winner.  I am an over comer. Holy Spirit lives in me.  His power is at work in me.  Therefore, I will live my life in victory today!




PRAYER FOR DELIVERANCE FROM REJECTION

Father God, I thank you for the simple plan of salvation. I believe that Jesus came to earth to die on the cross for my sins; I believe Jesus rose on the 3rd day with victory over death, hell, and the grave. I repent for all my sins - my unbelief, my pride, my __________. I repent for believing the negative lies Satan has whispered in my mind over my lifetime. Take me back to any memory of shame that damaged me. Separate that lie from my memory so I can be free.  I open my whole heart to you God; every hidden place. Savior, please remove all the rejection, all the pain, and all of the guilt of my past sins. Every wounding, every trauma I give it all to you.  Holy Spirit, envelop me with your love; fill every dark corner of my heart with your heavenly light.  I decree that from this day forward I will guard my mind, my thoughts, and my actions. I choose to believe what your word says about me. Your truth will set me free from all rejection, shame and depression. I thank you, Lord that I am adopted into your family as your child; I am now a King’s daughter, an heir to all of your blessings. I will worship and praise you for all eternity for you are my personal God, my Savior and my Comforter who will always be with me. I love You, Jesus and I thank You for loving me first. Amen                John 8:32, Romans 12:1-3, Psalm 27:1-3, 

Our thoughts are silent words that only the Lord and we hear, but those words affect our inner man, our health, our joy and our attitude. One way to keep wrong thoughts out of your mind is to keep your mind full of right thoughts. Right actions follow right thinking. You will not change your behavior until you change your thoughts.  God can transform your negative mind into a positive mind if you will let him.  Ask God for help, choose to think positive thoughts and learn to listen for God’s voice in your heart.
Reference Romans 1:1-3


PRAYER FOR EMOTIONAL HEALING by Vision Life ministries
Lord Jesus, I open my heart to you. I open every room, every closet, and every hidden place.  I thank you that you love me and that you went to the cross so that I could be whole in spirit, soul and body.  Spirit of God, please invade every dark place and shed your light deep within my heart.  Lord, all the pain I have experienced, I give to you.  All the rejection, the hurt, the betrayal, every abuse, every wounding, I give to you.  I speak to the pain deep within - even that which is so repressed I no longer am aware of it.  I say, Pain, come up!  Come up and be healed. I give the pain to you Lord, and I ask you to take it now.  I release it all to Lord.  Pour your healing love into every bruised place.  You carried my shame and my defilement.  You carried my rejection so I could be free.  I cannot live with this pain any longer. I do not want to Lord.  I let it all go. I give it to you.  I hold nothing back.  I pour it all out.  Amen   

 
PRAYER TO BE FREE FROM SHAME by Vision Life Ministries
Dear Heavenly Father, please send your Spirit to heal me.  Take me back to any memory of shame that damaged me.  At that very moment, Satan planted a lie in my spirit.  Reveal that lie to me and let me see it clearly.  Separate the lie from my memory so I can be free.  Please come and break that lie. In that, moment there was someone who hurt me and I have never been healed from the shame.  Father, help me to forgive that person who hurt me. I let go of my need to get revenge.  Father, I repent of hating myself and believing the lie, I was told.  Father, I choose to take off the mask and I come to you just as I am.  Father, give me the strength to let go and come into the freedom in Christ, for Jesus has already born all of my shame on the cross. In Jesus name Amen
